Hello Blake, 
I hope this letter finds you well,
I am writing to express my strong interest in the Senior Rockwell Automation Engineer position at E Tech Group, as advertised on Linkedin. With my background as a Seasoned QA Automation Engineer, I am confident that my skills, experience, and dedication align well with the requirements of this role.

In my role as a QA Automation Engineer, I have successfully optimized testing processes, resulting in a 40% reduction in labor costs while expanding test coverage. My expertise in cross-platform testing, bug tracking, and hardware/firmware testing has equipped me with the diverse skill set necessary for process automation engineering and system integration. 

Here is how my skills and experience match the requirements for this role:
I possess an accumulative 5 years of hands-on experience in executing automation projects, particularly with electronics such as data-loggers, switches, signaling devices, routers, and various types of monitoring equipment.
I have a proven track record of developing process control system applications, monitoring industrial sensors, configuring server applications, and maintaining databases for data collection. Hands-on experience with instrumentation specification, installation, and troubleshooting will allow me to quickly adapt to Rockwell systems.
E Tech Group's mission of providing standardized solutions is an exciting prospect to me, aligning with my experience in transitioning manual testing to automation.
I am proficient with a spread of programming languages and Software best practices. I love to write documentation, and am a relentless learner.
My past experience responding to Geo-technical emergencies has given me a respect and urgency for customer needs while adapting to shifting work schedules and travel.
I am excited about the opportunity to join the team at E Tech Group, and I am confident that my technical acumen, commitment to quality, and ability to collaborate effectively will make me a valuable asset to your organization.
Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the possibility of discussing this role further.

Please feel free to contact me at 214-783-0309 or Danedens31@gmail.com to schedule a conversation.
Thank you for your time,
Dan Edens